Use `HOME` directory to avoid hard-coded path (#46)
omarcostahamido/PVM: README.md

after the last line add

> `@lxterminal -e sh $HOME/PVM/launch.sh`

Reviewer: I think you also need to change the path in [launch.sh](https://github.com/omarcostahamido/PVM/blob/main/launch.sh)

Author: Good catch!

## Development

### Logs
The PVM execution logs will be recorded in each RPI device memory. These will be stored in the `/log/` directory, which will be created if it doesn't exist yet.

> `pvm.py` would generate logs during execution, which will be stored in the `/log/` directory under the working directory of PVM. It would be created if it doesn't exist yet.

Reviewer 2: this phrase now here sounds like a repetition of the previous one, no?

Author: I was trying to avoid using terms like _current directory_ or _working directory_, and thought _"the working directory of PVM."_ might be clearer. Do you have any good ideas?

Reviewer 2: ```markdown
The PVM execution logs will be recorded in each RPI device memory. These will be stored in the `/log/` directory, which will be created if it doesn't exist yet.
`pvm.py` would generate logs during execution, which will be stored in the `/log/` directory under the working directory of PVM. It would be created if it doesn't exist yet.
```
these 2 phrases seem to saying pretty much the same exact same thing. Get rid of one or try to merge?

Author: Sry I didn't see this till now... Done!

## Development

### Logs

> `pvm.py` would generate logs during execution, which will be stored in the `log/` directory under the working directory of PVM. It would be created if it doesn't exist yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Logs will be recorded by `pvm.py` during execution. These will be stored in the `log/` folder, within the install directory of `PVM` on the Raspberry Pi device. This folder will be created if it doesn't exist yet.
```
